my name is Caitlin and this is my
Republic story so starting in May I'm
actually getting cut off from my parents
plan which is a scary thought for sure
I'm a senior at NC State in marketing
i'll be graduating really soon in May so
I'm pretty close to the finish line I've
been pretty dependent on my parents for
the past four years thinking about rent
in gasoline and electricity money all
that kind of stuff coming in to play
when I start getting off my parents
plans and my parents money one thing I
definitely cannot sacrifice is my
smartphone I need it to do all the same
things that I've had to do for the past
four years
and I need to make sure that i'm
connected and i have all my apps
actually first heard about republic
Wireless when i saw it advertised in the
campus bookstore at NC State and decided
to look a little bit more into it found
out it works over Wi-Fi and cellular
though I can be on campus where I'm at
ninety percent of the time and I can be
on the Wi-Fi there and talk on my phone
and then as soon as I'm out of that
Wi-Fi zone it'll transfer right over to
cellular I made the switch from an
iphone to the Android service and it
definitely took a little bit of getting
used to at first but I love it I'm
saving over one hundred dollars a month
in when you're counting every penny like
I am right now it definitely means a lot
one thing i love about republic Wireless
is the flexibility that i can get so i
can change my plan up to twice a month
and that means if i go on spring break
this year to Mexico I can change it down
from the 3g service that I have right
now because I'm not going to be using it
so it automatically gets prorated and I
saved that amount of money I really like
that republic Wireless is coming in and
changing the cell phone industry I like
the idea of being a part of that being a
part of something that big
you